# CS230-Final-Project
The purpose of this project is to create a program that will track items in a text file and let users either search an item to see how many of that item is in the text file, show the item and number of that item, show a histogram with the item and the number of that item as a *, or quit the program.  I think what I did best in this project was using header and cpp files to create the program instead of putting everything inside one file.  On the other hand, I feel that I can improve my code having the program sort by category (for example, fruits or vegetables), or let users add items as well.  
At first I had some trouble with how I wanted to code the program, originally I was going to do only one header file and one cpp file.  When my cpp file ended up being very big, I then decided to add a second cpp file, with the Grocery.cpp file handling how the program with display outputs, create a .dat file, convert uppercase letters to lowercase letters, as well as give error messages if the user attempts to input something that isn't in the text file, and the Main.cpp file handling the menu loops and display. To help me with my project, I used some resources from geeksforgeeks.org and cplusplus.com, and I will continue to use these resources as I work on projects for universtity and independently.
I think the most helpful thing from this project that I feel will be transferrable is how I did the menu looping.  As for making my program readable and adaptable, I made sure that functions and classes only had one function, gave them distinct names, and left comments throughout the code to explain what different parts of my code will or what its purpose is.  
